I want to tell you what I told my kids
when they were 5 years old that the the
demon is just looking for
hugs I'm going to ask you douge to take
a risk with me I don't want you to just
face the demon I want you
to literally chase the demon around
trying to hug
it so uh I I I put in the uh Forum what
what my question is and that is after a
lifetime of of working hard
uh that started when I was eight years
old uh I have more than enough money now
I've had more than enough money for a
decade and and
fortunately um I have lots of things
that I like to do so I'm at the point
where I no longer need to work for
money but it feels and and I'm thinking
about retiring
but because it was so hard to make money
when I was young
yeah it it feels
disrespectful to walk away from a place
that it's so it's it's it's I enjoy what
I do I'm good at it it's easy and it
pays incredibly well I make a day what
used to take me a hundred days of
toiling in the summer to make my my
13-year-old self is like you can't walk
away from this right right right right
yeah I got and so I'm having difficulty
with that I have two questions is uh
where are you right now uh I'm in Salt
Lake City Utah all right cool and then
uh the second question is uh what is
your
question um I'm trying to to make that
decision how do
I how do I say thank you to that
13-year-old boy that busted his
butt I I want that 13-year-old
permission to walk away from
something that he'd have to work a 100
days for 10 hours 10 hours a day yeah I
make that in the day now and I'm it's
almost like that 13-year-old boy isn't
giving me permission okay so I have a
question for you how good are you with
being
irrelevant pretty good okay great um
uh
and well let's find out if if you were
to ask the 13-year-old boy what do I
need to get your permission to quit what
would what would the what is the answer
because that 13-year-old boy is still
inside of me I think of myself like a
book I'm asking you to ask the
13-year-old boy inside of you and tell
me his
answer oh man that's a good
question the 13-year-old boy 13-year-old
boy go ahead probably didn't have enough
[__] right like I was just going to say
the 13-year-old boy is telling me we
need it okay great for what you're going
to be the 13-y old boy I'm Gonna Be You
For What what do we need it
for security
protection protection from
what uh I I had a childhood that was
tough so I needed to be indeep I needed
to be able to survive on my own oh yeah
great so it it's
Independence yeah security from
[__]
yeah
yeah and so you you've earned all this
money how secure are you from [__]
right
now I have a no [__] role and I've
had that for for 30 years me too I have
that same role my friends my friends get
three chances the first time I tell them
nicely not to be an [__] that what
they said hurt me the second time I'm
not as kind and the third time I just
say we're not hanging out anymore and
there's there's no exceptions to that
role
yeah how about your internal
[__] what what we all I have one so
what about that's what I mean yeah yeah
exactly what where where where's the
protection from
that um he's he's largely uh dominated
now that was a long long struggle that
[__] came out of my childhood I I was
reactionary I would lose my cool in
certain
situations you said my my [__] has
been dominated was that the
words maybe that's what I said maybe
that is what I said I I don't know it
it's been it's in large part it's been
solved I okay I had this demon inside of
me but the the Demon's been slayed okay
I want the 13-year-old to turn towards
the
demon okay and I'm gonna ask the what do
you need for the 13-year-old if it's
yeah I need bring bring yourself down I
see the emotions coming and I see you
kind of evading the emotion so chin down
bring your chin chin down chin down chin
down yeah there we go yeah what does a
13-year-old need from the
demon from the demon I need a lot of
protection I need a lot of help I'm not
I'm not strong enough I don't have the
tools that I need it's going to devour I
I am a thread away from getting Devol
yeah
yeah I just want to comment that money's
not going to help you here to the
13-year-old
yeah I I I need wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait just stick with
slow down stick with me be completely in
your body I'm going to tell the tell the
13-year-old did you have a 13 a nickname
when you were
13 um yeah douge douge so
douge I want to tell you what I told my
kids when they were five years old that
the the demon is just looking for
hugs
and I'm gonna ask you dou I'm gonna ask
I'm gonna ask you douge to take a risk
with me I don't want you to just face
the demon I want you
to literally chase the demon around
trying to hug
it it went it went from being an ugly
Dragon to like a slow puddly teddy bear
yeah so I want you to just like
literally be arm in-arm with that teddy
bear Dragon let it do what it's got to
do and Doug you from that place I want
you to
tell old
Doug what you need around
money
nothing
yeah if the demon is not here then it's
money's not as
important
yeah and now I just want to ask old Doug
a question
like how do you make your life 10% more
enjoyable help
others help my
family yeah help my kids and then I like
teaching so teach others share with
others kind of what I've learned through
my journey
yeah hug the demon don't don't fight
it's a total that framework is I was not
expecting that at all that's
yeah because I I've spent my life
fighting that
demon I
know yeah you kicked its ass but it
still always kind of had you
but maybe the demon was teddy
bear it was which is a very interesting
question to ponder yeah okay thanks Jo
feel yeah yeah thank you
pleasure